[DCE-158] Publish Artifact (#7)
DBeniskos/practice-basic-webapi-application: README.md

You will see a report of jobs in terminal about Passed, Faild and Skipped jobs.

##### Congratulations for testing this application :sparkles:

# Instructions on how to run this application on windows machine

### 1. Donload artifact
- navigate to [repository](https://github.com/DBeniskos/practice-basic-webapi-application)
- click on *Actions* tab
- click on the latest workflow from *All Workflows* list (the latest is the one on the top) 
- scroll at the bottom of the page in Artifacts section and the click the **Application_Artifact** to download the artifact
### 2. Run Apllication
- navigate to downloaded folder and you will see the *Application_Artifact.zip* folder
- unzip the folder and you can see an .exe and .txt file

> - open **Readme.txt** file to see intructons about the apllication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- open **Readme.txt** file to see instructions about the application
```

You will see a report of jobs in terminal about Passed, Faild and Skipped jobs.

##### Congratulations for testing this application :sparkles:

# Instructions on how to run this application on windows machine

### 1. Donload artifact
- navigate to [repository](https://github.com/DBeniskos/practice-basic-webapi-application)
- click on *Actions* tab
- click on the latest workflow from *All Workflows* list (the latest is the one on the top) 
- scroll at the bottom of the page in Artifacts section and the click the **Application_Artifact** to download the artifact
### 2. Run Apllication
- navigate to downloaded folder and you will see the *Application_Artifact.zip* folder
- unzip the folder and you can see an .exe and .txt file
- click on **WebApi.exe** file to run the application
- a window displaying some infos will automatically open on your pc
- open a browser and navigate to ``http://localhost:5000``
you wll see a **Hello World!** message in your browser

### 2. Stop running this Apllication

> - for stopping the applicion just close the window, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for stopping the application just close the window, 
```
Do you have a plugin for proofreading the text docs? Just something helpful for your local machine. I make typos all the time too!

Author: Do you have something to suggest me for windows?

Reviewer: I do not. Not sure if one of the other folks has anything. I do a ton of dev on my mac. Maybe it would be a good idea to look into a linting service for our CI? It may be overkill though
